 
This document exists to bring attention to years of inappropriate and 
manipulative behavior by gomotion, a popular YouTuber most prevalent in the 
DELTARUNE and Five Nights at Freddy’s communities. This is not going to be 
a short read. There are a lot of screenshots. I recommend you take breaks 
reading this and come back to it a few times. There’s a lot. 
 
This document is not recommended to be read 
by anyone under the age of 18, due to frequent 
sexual themes. 
 This document is best viewed on a computer. Images may appear low res 
on mobile, and you may need to zoom in at some points. 
 
 
 
The main goal of this letter is to hold Jodie accountable for her actions, and push her to 
truly make changes to her life and herself. She has been dodging accountability for far, 
far too long, and I fear for another person (or people) who may make the same mistakes 
that I did, and not see the warning signs sooner. 
 
Jodie, if you are reading this. Please seek professional, long term psychological help. 
It’s disgusting of you to be using kind-hearted people online as your therapists. You 
need more help than any of us can provide, or that you alone can provide for yourself. 
Make a change in your life and improve yourself for the better. For your sake, and for 
the people you know. 
 
 
Warning - This document holds screenshots of a sensitive nature, which contain 
mentions of suicide, self harm, sexual themes, transphobia, inappropriate 
interactions with a minor, and emotional manipulation. Brace yourself 
accordingly. 
 
Introduction 
 
My name is The Tickler. I am going by this pseudonym so as to not connect this whole 
ordeal to the rest of my online life. My real identity will not hold any major relevance to 
 
the general argument, and will be redacted in all screenshots for my own privacy and 
safety. 
 
I will also be redacting the names of other people involved in this situation. I have 
spoken to each of them privately and have received permission to include screenshots 
that they may be in. Different people will be discerned with different colors.  
 
Please understand that this is incredibly difficult for me to talk about. Going back 
through these experiences is painful and stressful. I’m doing this because I fear for 
anyone else who may be vulnerable and fall into the same trap that I did. 
 
The Beginning 
 
I first began consistently interacting with Jodie on March 19th, 2020.  I was 15 years old 
at this time. Jodie was 18. I was pretty active within the FNAF community, and that was 
how she came into my DMs eventually, asking about a fangame team and if she could 
be a part of it. 
 I don’t really want to get into this part too much but a situation escalated and it ended in 
me having a massive fallout with my best friend at that time. Jodie was in the middle of 
the whole thing and was quick to jump to my defense, and to console me after such a 
rattling event. I was in an incredibly vulnerable state, and she was the first person there 
to comfort me. 
 
After a few days of chatting, and eventually joining a server with some of her friends in it 
and interacting with her in a vc, we had our first DM call. This would be the very first of 
many. 
 
Over the following weeks through March and April, many of my VC’s with her involved 
her crying and venting to me, and me consoling her and giving the best advice I could. It 
felt like a lot at once, but I really wanted to be a good friend and I thought at the time 
that Jodie was very cool and that I was just being a shoulder to lean on. 
 Even though it would leave me pretty emotionally drained… but the good times 
outweighed the bad times, right? I really looked up to her and enjoyed the stuff she 
showed me and I thought she was a cool Youtuber, even if I had never even heard of 
her before I met her. 
 
 
She often vented to me about her dysphoria. I really wanted to be a supportive person, 
so I always tried to be open minded, but looking back I realize now that many of the 
 
things she was having conversations with me about were not things she should have 
said to a 15 year old, including having conversations with me about her transition that 
were not appropriate. 
 
 
Take note of the date. I said I met her on March 19th- this is the very next day. 
 
 
 
 
She also admitted some incredibly, incredibly heavy stuff to me in a very short time that 
left me completely shocked, and this was a point where I did reconsider being her 
friend. But she seemed desperate for companionship and surely she had changed? 
The below images contain graphic and disturbing descriptions of self harm. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Why is she constantly so jealous of a 15 year old?? 
 
 
This incident genuinely struck a bit of a fear of her into my heart. She elaborated on this situation in a 
voice chat…. Telling me that she told this kid to turn on his camera so she could watch while he 
attempted. If you asked me today I would not be able to tell you why I kept speaking to her. 
 
 
 
 
Another major area of friction involved my current boyfriend at that time. I really don’t 
know why, but she was incredibly jealous of him to the point where she would lash out 
rudely and angrily at him for no reason. I believe now that she was so jealous because I 
was spending time with someone who was not her. 
 
 
 
 
She became incredibly obsessed with me within a very short time. The friendship 
quickly became codependent but I felt obligated to help because that’s what friends are 
supposed to do…. Not even realizing how truly out of my depth this is. 
 
 Venting became an every day occurrence, oftentimes multiple times a day, and I was 
always expected to help her. She would often ask me to make ‘promises’ that things 
would/wouldn’t come true, and would only calm down once she heard the answer she 
wanted to hear. This will become a lot more prevalent later. 
 
 6 days after I first met her. 
 
 
This genuinely hurts me to look back at. What the fuck was I thinking??? We were talking about her going 
on HRT. 
 
 
Normal conversations with a 15 year old. 
 
Again. She is saying this to a 15 year old. 
 
 
I often felt uncomfortable mentioning my then-boyfriend, or saying I was doing anything with him, because 
of jealous interactions like this 
 
 
This level of jealousy towards every aspect of me is incredibly scary. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Her jealousy of a 15 year old’s relationship is concerning. Remember!!!!! I was 15!!!! 
 
 
 
An example of her fear of not having a crush.  This was a really common topic in our conversations early 
on. She was extremely jealous of me and my relationship, all of the time. 
 
She would obsess over her jealousy and these issues she makes up for herself, but then literally less 
than an hour later acts like she’s figured it all out and she’s sorry and it wont happen again. Well, it did. 
Constantly. 
 
 
(this is within the same hour as the image above) 
 
 
 
She wanted to be me. This is so fucking creepy. 
 
 
 
 
What the heck happened here?? I genuinely have no idea. But she went from being freaked out to being 
completely fine within just a few minutes, and I have no idea why. Stuff like this was constant  through our 
entire relationship, and maybe now you can see what I mean by her using me as her therapist. 
 
 
“I wanted to say something really horrible to your boyfriend,but I Didn't! And I'm telling you this!” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What. 
 
 
What is happening. 
 
 
 
I never realized how big of a red flag this was until extremely recently. 
 
 
WHY WAS SHE STALKING HIS SOCIALS??? 
 
 
This was a constant topic 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This exact kind of behavior made it incredibly hard for me to be her friend and also 
continue having a boyfriend, and part of me wonders if that was intentional. For a while 
she repeatedly expressed her fear of never getting into a relationship, and then it was a 
fear that she would get a crush on me. 
 
 
Very early into our friendship- like, within a week- Jodie started pushing the idea of me 
being her “younger sister”  and referring to us as “basically legally siblings”. This is so, 
so , so fucking horrifying for me to look back at. Please remember I was STILL 15 when 
she began doing this… Around this same time, the idea of her coming to visit me IRL 
also started being thrown around.  
 
I foolishly justified this in my head at the time as “it’s just platonic, like guys saying 
they're bros” but looking back this was Not an appropriate thing to be normalized 
between a minor and an adult. 
 
 
Take note of the date of her first mention of this idea: March 23rd. 4 days after I initially first began 
speaking to her. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our friendship developed, and the codependency grew stronger. Going into this 
friendship initially, I was really really afraid of ending up in some kind of codependent 
situationship, because I had literally just gotten out of a relationship like that with my 
former friend and it was a horrible mess. Unfortunately, I ended up right back in an 
extremely similar situation. 
 
I know that dysphoria is a powerful demon that affects people deeper than I am 
probably ever capable of imagining. I know that being transgender is hard. It is not 
EVER appropriate to vent heavily about extremely personal and potentially sexual 
themes TO A MINOR. EVER.  
 
Warning: many of the following screenshots contain content of a sexual nature.  
 
Why did this interaction need to happen??? We were talking about plastic… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our friendship continued in this fashion, with every day out-of-the-blue venting and me 
consoling her. She started hormones at some point in late 2020, and these 
conversations were common. She made a private server with me and a couple other 
friends that she knew. This server lasted for a while, and then I made my own, where 
most of us ended up moving to. Worryingly, a common question people would ask me 
was if we were dating.  
LATE 2020-2021 
 
In my server, Jodie wanted a private channel and vc for herself and people she 
specifically chose to be in this secret chat. It was initially supposed to be for when she 
got overwhelmed in VC or something, but this situation spiraled so out of control that the 
channel got archived forever. I never thought you could recreate class warfare in a 
discord server, but I accidentally created a space for that. Oops. 
To anyone reading this was part of that experience: I am so sorry. I only had good 
intentions creating this space for her, but I was 16, and the situation truly spiraled 
beyond something I could handle by myself. I’m not going to dig through that absolute 
 
nightmare of a discord channel for the sake of a lot of people's privacy. But please 
know, I am so truly sorry for foolish things I did when I was 16. 
 
THE “CRUSH” 
 
In 2021, I was experiencing homelessness and also serious relationship problems with 
my then-boyfriend. Jodie’s fear of not having a crush was still a common topic.  
 
However, one day Jodie approached me with something that sounded exciting: She 
said she had a crush on someone, who was a mutual friend of ours who met her by 
being a fan of her channel. Things seemed very hopeful!  
For 3 days.  
 
Jodie dumped this friend 3 days after admitting a crush to them, and it was horrible. My 
friend’s self-worth was damaged for an extremely long time after this event, and Jodie 
just felt “they needed to get over it.” 
 
The victim was 17 years old when this happened. Jodie was 19.  
 
I saw this as a horrible abuse of the feelings of an already vulnerable friend of mine, and 
thinking about this situation still makes me viscerally angry.  
 
In the screenshots below, you can see her change her mind in real-time. 
 
 
Look at the dates. Literally 3 days. Ouch :(  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The flipflopping is sad :(  
 
 
 
A statement from the victim, who wishes to remain anonymous; 
​
“Hi I’m the individual who was crushed on. To say this was a rough time in my life would 
be an understatement. Living in a small transitional house while in the process of 
moving counties, having little access to my friends. When Jodie approached me about 
 
having feelings for me I felt a lot of joy for the first time in months. Unfortunately that did 
not last. For months I held onto hope and feelings that would not again be reciprocated. 
It made me struggle to figure out how to even approach Jodie and left me confused 
about my feelings. I got so stressed out about life that I was throwing up almost every 
day. I hope that this helps to show Jodie how her actions affect people.” 
 
 
 
 
LATE 2021-2022 
In late 2021, without my knowledge, Jodie approached one of our mutual friends in a 
panic. She had a serious admission to make. 
 
The following content contains graphic conversations of inappropriate behavior 
involving a minor.  
 
I’m not even sure how I could possibly preface this. Throughout this document so far, 
we’ve seen clear examples of Jodie’s jealousy and obsession with me, as well as her 
manipulative tactics with the goal of keeping me as her friend forever.  
At this point in our friendship, I felt that if I ever voiced any frustration, anger, or 
generally negative emotion towards her, or something she has done, she would break 
down and panic and cry and beg for my forgiveness. I felt like I was a bad person if I 
ever got mad at her. I know now that I was not the only person who felt this way. 
 
Everyone involved in what you’re about to see wishes that they reacted differently. 
 
Statement from Pseudonymous Grigori:​
 
“I have known Gomotion for roughly the same amount of time as I've known [The 
Tickler], sharing a lot of Discord spaces with them and being within their general friend 
bubble for years. Although my messages with Gomotion were rather brief, some things 
stick out to me: she would usually call me slurs when I had noted that they made me 
uncomfortable in the past, would raise her voice in VC to me at times, just generally had 
a hairpin trigger, and--most relevant to what is being discussed in this section--would 
mostly enter my DMs just to vent about issues. Usually I'm fine with being the friend 
people vent to, but it felt excessive at times and she would dump some pretty heavy 
stuff on me without much warning beyond a "can we talk". Some of this stuff was pretty 
weird, but nothing is as weird as what she had confessed to me regarding [The Tickler]: 
that she would pleasure herself to art made by them, imagining herself as them or 
 
characters drawn by them in their art. This is, obviously, extremely gross and odd, 
and should have set off 500 alarm bells in my mind; however, with the way she would 
constantly crytype and ask for reassurance that they wouldn't leave her and how scared 
she was, it manipulated me into feeling like I would be a really bad person if I told her off 
or came to them about it. To me, at the time, it just seemed like an extremely twisted 
way to cope with dysphoric feelings; and that may still be what it was, but it is still 
concerning behavior to think and behave like this behind the back of someone close to 
you like this.” 
​
 
Statement from Anonymous Quandavius: 
“I've known Jodie since about when I joined [The Tickler]'s server back in 2020. Before 
that, I had only heard brief things about her and nothing more, and we were mutuals for 
quite a bit. However, when I joined that server is sort of how I ended up talking to her 
more. It was refreshing being able to talk to different people (due to how bad my trust 
issues were at the time), and I really enjoyed talking to Jodie. 
 
 I had heard a lot from other friends regarding her behavior in the past (about 2016?). I 
didn't pay mind to it because it was so long ago and obviously, people can change. She 
was nice to me and I enjoyed talking to her. These are one of those moments where I 
wish I had listened to my friends.  
 
There were often times in vcs where she made me feel lesser, insulting me and berating 
me, even when I was trying to have a genuine conversation. I was a punching bag, but I 
just had to laugh it off. 
 
 [The Tickler] broke up with Jodie back in December 2024, and during that time, I 
offered my support as her friend in my dms. It was a mentally taxing couple of months 
with constant back and forths with her, Jodie constantly pushing a boundary, and me 
getting mad at her. I constantly, foolishly, believed that she would change, and every 
time it felt like that change was occurring, she'd fall right back into the same holes she 
dug.  
 
The breaking point for me was a friend telling me Jodie saw [The Tickler] interacting 
with a trans woman on BlueSky (this also indirectly confirmed she was STILL stalking 
[The Tickler], despite me telling her over and over not to). She took what the trans 
woman was saying to [The Tickler] as flirtatious and began shit talking her, saying things 
as vile as "She doesn't even pass". This was only back in May. With that happening, as 
well as her total transphobic rants on Twitter, I knew things weren't going to change. 
Since then, I have blocked her on everything and haven't spoken to her since. 
 
 
 I've witnessed a lot of my friends do everything in their power to support Jodie and 
make sure she was okay, especially with her constant need to freak out in her mutuals 
server. Now, all of those friends do not talk to her. She needs to be held accountable for 
every single one of her actions, no matter what happens next. If you're reading this 
Jodie, I'm sorry I ever trusted you. “ 
 
One more warning for graphic sexual conversations involving a minor. The following 
screenshots might be highly distressing to read. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sorry if you need to zoom in to read these.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
So. Jodie spoke to the person above about this in August 2021. 
She did not admit this to me until March 2022. She kept this hidden from me for years, 
going behind my back and telling my friends to keep this horrible secret from me. 
 
Even when she did finally admit it in March 2022, she didn’t tell the entire truth. She 
made this confession to me in a voice call, which I realize now opened me up even 
further to manipulation. I cannot get any evidence of this call. But, there are messages 
from after where we speak about it. 
 
Jodie again approached the same friend in a panic in March 2022, after not speaking to 
them for 2 months.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I’m disgusted that at the time she was doing these horrible acts, she was calling me her sister. And here, 
she’s still doing it.  
 
She admitted that she had done this when I was 15, with non-sexual art I made of her, 
as a platonic friend. She did not tell me that she imagined herself as me while 
pleasuring herself. She hid this from me through our entire relationship. It is one of the 
most deeply horrifying things I have ever learned. 
 
 
 
 
 
I wish I could say that the nightmare ended here. But literally the same day she 
admitted this to me, she also spoke to me about flights and coming to visit during the 
summer… It was an extremely awkward time to confess such a vile thing to me. My 
emotions were torn. I was disgusted, but she seemed so sorry…. 
Looking back, this was never ever acceptable. I’m fucking furious that this disgusting secret 
was hidden from me through our ENTIRE RELATIONSHIP. I feel violated and sick. 
 
Jodie arrived in my state for a visit in June 2022. I was still in a relationship (though it 
was not going so great) and I had just turned 18 the month before. 
 
The first couple days seemed normal, I guess.  We went on a hike at the local park and 
came back home. Jodie had been complaining that her legs hurt, and when I asked 
why, she said it was from all the walking she was doing. Which seemed reasonable to 
me.​
 
Later that afternoon, after we had gotten home and my mom was out of the house, she 
admitted that was a lie. Her legs hurt because she was constantly stretching and flexing 
them to redirect blood away from the erections she kept getting around me. She would 
consistently cover her lower half with blankets or sheets or pillows. 
 
She took my hand and slowly moved it to her crotch underneath the blanket.  
 
I don't know why I ever kissed her. This was the biggest mistake I made in my life. I was 
still in a relationship and I basically broke up with that guy and got with her the exact 
same day. I was definitely rebounding hard but looking back…. I kinda feel now like I 
was groomed. Like this was what she wanted the entire time. 
 
 
-Jodie met me during an extremely stressful and vulnerable time in my life. 
-She established herself as an incredibly close person to me, 
-She spoke about sexually inappropriate content with me while I was a minor, and     
normalized it in our conversations. 
 
-She admitted to sexually inappropriate actions involving me while I was a minor, and 
tried to excuse it. 
-When she eventually did visit me, she made sexual contact with me when I had just 
turned 18, and then made herself into my girlfriend. 
-She alienated any other people close to me, and consumed every possible moment of 
my free time, so that I could only be around her. 
 
Her arguments of me being “a platonic sister” all completely go out the window when 
you consider that we dated for 2 years. 
 
Jodie visited me two or three more times after this. Honestly, each visit was worse than 
the last. 
 
The second time she visited, we all got COVID. She would weaponize her anxiety 
against me and others as means of getting attention, refusing food and worrying 
everyone in the house until I would go and comfort her. 
 
The third time she visited. We tried to go to Canada and have a nice time but Jodie was 
totally miserable the whole trip apparently,  even though I thought  we were having a 
nice time. The end of that trip was horrible. We ended up trapped in Canada for an extra 
day.  
 
The fourth, and last time she visited, she was using my home as “transitional housing” 
while her parents looked for a new apartment for her in the UK. Originally, she was only 
going to stay for 4 weeks. 
She ended up staying an entire extra month, running out of her medication which then 
became an issue for Everyone else in the house to deal with. She continued to 
weaponize her anxiety and stress against me and my mother, over choices that she 
made. 
I didn’t cry when she left that year. 
 
After we had dropped her off at the airport and gone home, Jodie began messaging me 
(I think on twitter or snapchat?), desperately begging for me to come back and pick her 
up and take her back home. She didn’t want to go back to the UK.  
She told me she had run out of the check in area and out of the airport entirely, and 
continued begging me to come get her. I was frustrated and angry. Her ass needed to 
go home. She had been living in my room for the past 2 months. This massively 
reinforced my issues with her obsession over me and her clinginess. 
 
Which is our next topic of discussion! 
 
Jodie’s All-Consuming Obsession 
 
Jodie’s company was often suffocating.  
Wherever I was, she also had to be. She wanted to be in every voice chat I was in, 
every server, so that she could be with me. All the time. 
I would get home from work and immediately she would ping me begging me to join vc. 
I work a job where I am standing for 7 hours of the day and I suffer from scoliosis. It was 
a frustrating and exhausting feeling being expected to spend every single free moment 
of my day (and night)  with her. 
 
She always expected me to call her every single night while we slept. I could never say 
no because she would break down and beg and plead with me to. 
 
So many times, we would start a call just for her to start crying. I usually tried to console 
her but eventually I reached my limit. 
I was never able to hang out with any of my other friends. She would often be extremely 
aggressive towards other people we hung out with, would mute+deafen every time I 
stepped away, and not even make an effort to converse with others in the call. 
 
My other friends would often come to me with complaints about her aggressive and 
rude behavior. 99% of the time, her aggression was entirely unwarranted and out of 
pocket. This caused a lot of people to not want to hang out with us at all. 
 
I would repeatedly voice my feelings about this issue and attempt to set a hard 
boundary. She would act like she was gonna change, but things always stayed the 
same. 
 
Her jealousy and anger would cause her to go as far as to lash out in toxic and rude 
ways towards other people I was friends with and cared about.  
She was never prepared to take any kind of accountability or consequence for her 
actions though. She would literally grovel and blubber at me begging for my 
forgiveness. This woman was 3 years older than me!  
This kind of stuff made me feel like I was wrong for ever getting mad at her for her 
actions, because she would act “sorry”; but then she’d inevitably do the same shit 
again!! 
 
 It makes me sad watching me try and ask her over and over and over again to let me 
hang out with others, and clearly nothing ever changes, because  I need to keep 
bringing up this issue. 
 
 
This minecraft server of mine existed before I knew her. I played on it with trusted friends, and my 
boyfriend. I invited her, because I thought I could trust her. My mistake. Contd. Below. 
 
 
Intentionally luring destructive mobs to the back of me and my boyfriend’s house, and stealing shit. Pretty 
much as soon as I give her access to it. 
 
 
This was her way of “owning up” to her actions. Begging for forgiveness and acting tearful and afraid. 
 
 
 
Hmmmm, I wonder what the other thing she was so worried to tell me about was! Here's another 
horrifying example of Jodie wanting to literally be me! 
 
 
 
 
She was always coming up with different reasonings to her jealousy, and acted like she had it all figured 
out. Of course, she did not have it all figured out. 
 
 
Continued below. This specific situation arose because I was spending time with 
another mutual friend of ours in a private call. 
 
 
 
 
This was MY BOYFRIEND!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭  
 
 
Jodie would often abuse drugs, get way too high, and then make it my problem. She 
made me her therapist. 
 
 
 
I constantly made efforts to push her to improve, but it felt like it never worked. She 
would be back to her same old behavior after 2 business days. 
 
 
 
 
It breaks my heart watching me literally beg her to let me hang out with my friends, and 
she still finds a way to make it about her anyways. 
 
 
Shit like this was commonplace for her throughout our entire relationship. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I try to set a boundary here, and she seems to take it fine, but nothing ends up 
changing. 
 
 
Start of a major freakout because I wanted to spend time away from her. This will last 
quite a few screenshots. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
She absolutely will not accept any answer that isn't the one she wants to hear.  Further 
continued below. 
 
 
 
 
She does not care that I need to do this for the sake of my own mental health. She still 
only cares about how she feels.  
 
 
 
 
I tell her I don't want to call, I go to sleep, and I wake up in the morning to see that she 
still tried to wake me back up to call her!!! HOW INSANE IS THAT!   
I felt like I could not set any boundary with her because she would see it as me being 
angry. And sometimes, I WAS ANGRY! I have a right to be allowed to be angry at 
someone without being totally guilted for it!!!!! 
I tried over and over to put my foot down here and say NO and she does everything she 
possibly can to get around that. It's violating and insulting. 
 
 
 
 
 
Contd. Below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
She would say she’s gonna improve, but it never happened. 
 
 
It makes me so sad that I had to actually beg her to let me spend time with other people 
:(  
 
 
This was a constant bad habit of hers. She will set super short deadlines for herself, not 
meet them, and then beat herself up when she doesn’t meet that impossible deadline. 
This particular event happened when I was in the middle of talking to another friend of 
mine, she complained about her video deadline, he told her not to set deadlines, and we 
continued talking. She got pissed off at him and kicked him mid-sentence. 
 
Warning: The below screenshots mention inappropriate public sexual conduct 
Below is a conversation held between two of my mutual friends,  at some point after my 
trip to Canada with Jodie. I visited one of these friends in Canada when I went to visit. 
(Redacted in Green.) 
 
 
 
 
 
THE END..? 
Or just the beginning of yet another crazytime shit show? 
In December of 2024, I reached my breaking point. 
The results of the election that year had taken a major toll on my mental health. I was 
waking up in the early hours of the morning in a cold-sweat panic, I was vomiting 
constantly from stress, and was in and out of the emergency room. Yet, Jodie still 
expected me to be her emotional relief. 
 
I would desperately voice to her multiple times that I am in no position to be her 
therapist, and that I can’t handle this kind of venting right now for the sake of my own 
mental health. 
 
 
 
 
I constantly and desperately tried to remind her that I cannot be her therapist. But the 
everyday venting would not stop. I found myself dreading waking up to panicked messages from 
her. I dreaded going on work breaks and checking my phone to see her miserable. 
 
I woke up on December 14th, 2024, not feeling well. I got ready and headed to work, and pretty 
much as soon as I stepped foot on the work floor- I had a massive panic attack.  
I was hit with the realization that I was not happy in my relationship with Jodie, and that I 
needed to leave her. 
 
I was genuinely terrified at this point that she would kill herself if I left her. But I knew I couldn’t 
provide what she wanted from me as a girlfriend anymore. I could not handle being her therapist 
every single day, multiple times a day. I knew that I deserved better, and that I don’t deserve to 
be shackled to one person for the rest of my life- especially someone online. 
 
I ended up going home early from work that day to do a lot of serious thinking (and crying). 
 
 
When I first had my realization in the morning, I tried to break it to her as gently as I could. But it 
didn’t feel like she was hearing me, and was just trying to placate me so I wouldn't leave. I 
voiced my concern that she would do something serious if I left and she did not acknowledge it. 
 
She was incredibly set on wanting to move in with me…. I didn’t want to be someone’s full-time in-person 
therapist!!!!! 
 
After trying to express to her that I was afraid to pursue a relationship further because I 
didn’t feel like I could emotionally provide for her, she continued pushing my boundaries, 
calling me pet names and downplaying what I was saying to her. 
 
I took a long break, and came back with a response I thought about really heavily. At the 
time, I really wanted to continue being her friend after all of this. 
But she pushed my boundaries, and it felt like she was trying to find a loophole in the 
circumstances I was presenting, so that I would still be her girlfriend. 
 
 
 
 
Repeatedly attempting to circumvent the clear boundary I have just sent. 
 
 
At this point I was getting extremely upset and exhausted. She would not accept any 
answer from me that was not “I love you romantically”. I felt backed into a corner, and 
no longer knew how to respond. I was not going to back down on the breakup. I 
expressed to her that I needed space from her. 
 
 
 
She continued to message me after I told her I wanted space from her. I was eventually 
forced to mute her DM for my own mental health because she would not stop trying to 
contact me. This continued into the next morning, and she even contacted my mom 
asking when I would speak to her again. My mom told her to give me my space. 
 
Jodie continued to interact with my social media accounts , and was inside of my 
friend's server- though she was not being active. I felt as though I was being watched, 
and that I couldn’t use a space that I had established for myself and my friends because 
of her. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
I softblocked her on bluesky and tumblr. She repeatedly followed me back. I was 
extremely uncomfortable and I hardblocked her on my bluesky, tumblr, and twitter 
accounts. 
 
She again contacted my mom asking when/if I would be talking to her again, and my 
mom not-so-politely told her to leave me alone. 
 
I eventually removed her from both my Steam and Discord friend’s list. As soon as Jodie 
noticed I unfriended her, she immediately tried to add me back. Repeatedly. I would 
 
deny the friend requests, she would wait a few weeks, and then she would try again. 
This would cause me serious distress. 
 
On January 13th, 2025, Jodie made an extremely distressing tweet threatening suicide. 
I think it just said “goodbye”. I quickly went and spoke to a friend that still frequently 
spoke to her, and the situation was not looking good. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This entire fiasco confirmed my worst fear- that Jodie would self-harm, threaten suicide, 
or kill herself if I left her. I already didn’t know how I could ever speak to her again, and 
this solidified my decision to cut her off forever.  This situation was extremely distressing 
for me and I genuinely feared for her life- and it made me realize how much of a hold 
she still had on me even after I hadn’t spoken to her for nearly a month at this point. 
 
Yet, a few weeks later, Jodie friend requested me on Discord again. I was pissed. I 
blocked her immediately and I told my friend what had happened. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
After this, there was mostly silence for a few months. She would still reach out to my 
mutual friend asking if I wanted to talk to her again, and I stood my ground with “no”. I 
didn’t feel comfortable asking my friends to not talk to her anymore, because I didn’t 
want to police other people’s friendships with her. Just because I didn’t talk to her 
anymore doesn’t mean other people shouldn't have to. And, things were quiet. I wasn’t 
hearing any drama through the grapevine, and was enjoying my life like any normal 
person should. 
 
Until May 21st, 2025. 
Jodie began making some extremely transphobic tweets. This is especially upsetting for 
me considering how many people in her audience are transgender or 
queer/questioning, and seeing someone who you thought was a good trans online role 
model start saying this stuff? It’s disturbing. 
 
 
 
 
 
A good friend of mine later alerted us to a serious situation that was likely related to 
these earlier tweets. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
So. Jodie had been cyberstalking me over the course of multiple months. Even after I 
have blocked her on every single account on every single social media or whatever 
account that I own. She had been purposefully circumventing these blocks to watch 
what I was doing and delude herself that I was still her girlfriend??? This was seriously 
a lot to take in.  
At this point I was no longer comfortable tolerating this kind of behavior without my 
general friend group at least knowing about it. I called a “chat meeting” to catch people 
up with the general situation and talk with them. I didn’t tell them to do anything outright 
but many of them were disgusted by the situation and left her server, or even blocked 
her. 
 
FINALE 
Wow. That was. Yep! I honestly have difficulty putting into words how absolutely 
nightmarish this entire relationship has been. I want to apologize to every single one of 
my past and present friends who have put up with this kind of behavior. None of this 
was ever acceptable. I’m sorry I didn’t see that sooner. 
 
I hope that this document is the push that Jodie needs to truly get up and get help. I 
don’t believe that she is someone who can safely handle a large following of people; 
especially not a following of mainly young and potentially vulnerable people. The way 
that she inflicts her emotions and problems onto other people is seriously unhealthy and 
dangerous. Her behavior surrounding minors in the past has been dangerous. Even if 
she may not realize it, she is extremely manipulative. 
 
I thank everyone who took the time to read through all of this. I know it is not an easy 
task and that this is not a short document WHATSOEVER. But I wanted to give as much 
history as I possibly could to show just how long this kind of behavior has been 
happening, and how many different people it has affected.  
 
I wanted to include one more anonymous statement from someone who interacted with 
her closely both online and in person. 
 
 
Statement from Anonymous Ms. Puff: 
 
“I started out as a Gomotion fan when I first joined her discord server in November 
2021. In March 2022 after a few months of being active on her server, I was invited to 
[The Tickler]'s private server. I'd hang out a ton in vc with [The Tickler] and Jodie and 
would become really good friends with both of them. 
 
Later on I started hanging out with [The Tickler] in person. In January 2023, [The 
Tickler] came over to my house for the first time and stayed a few days, and we had to 
have Jodie on call with us for most of their stay. The last night of us hanging out, we 
decided to chill just the two of us and [The Tickler] turned off their phone because Jodie 
was blowing it up. The result of this was her also blowing up my phone even after I 
asked her to please just stop. This is when I started to realize her pattern of constantly 
having to insert herself into everything [The Tickler] was doing. 
 
By January 2023, me and [The Tickler] were besties. When we’d all hang out together in 
vc, Jodie would always try to one-up me whenever I did something nice for [The Tickler]. 
 
She would try to take my place when I'd ask [The Tickler] for something as simple as 
going together to get wood in minecraft. She'd get jealous and tell [The Tickler]: "But I 
wanna do this with you....", or randomly be rude and interrupt me for seemingly no 
reason. I had multiple conversations with Jodie about how I always felt third wheeled 
whenever I would be in a call with the both of them. She then admitted that she was 
jealous of me for being able to hang out with [The Tickler] in person more than her, and 
that she had a fear of something romantic happening between me and [The Tickler]. Not 
being friends with her was rather impossible if I wanted to be able to hang out with [The 
Tickler] as she was ALWAYS in calls with us. 
 
Another time when [The Tickler] was at my house in March 2023, we did a bit of 
shrooms. Jodie also decided to do a "heroic" amount of shrooms for her first time and 
had a bad trip. We had to spend a good part of our trip reassuring Jodie and taking care 
of her while we were also lowkey tripping and just wanted to have a good time. 
 
After much consideration over months, I decided that it'd be okay for her to visit me and 
stay at my place for a few days alongside [The Tickler] in June 2023. When they were 
here I had to ask Jodie to stop grabbing [The Tickler]'s boobs in public, [The Tickler] 
also had to ask Jodie to stop being so needy in front of me as it made both of us 
uncomfortable. 
 
Jodie ended up blocking me in September 2023 which I assume is because of some of 
the problems that happened with them going back home after visiting me in Canada. 
Later on in February 2024, after randomly lashing out violently at me multiple times on 
[The Tickler]'s discord server, I finally had enough and left the server. Even after all of 
that, whenever I hung out with [The Tickler] in calls, Jodie STILL had to be included 
despite having blocked me.” 
 
 
ENCORE! 
 
Below I thought it might be enlightening just to throw a couple miscellaneous 
screenshots down here of Jodie’s extremely erratic, aggressive, and offensive behavior. 
She would often randomly hurl horrible slurs at people when they weren’t comfortable 
with it, for no reason! 
Some of them are very….. Interesting! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
